Uh, in your personality in your life. And you're like,
that can either help you or hurt you in this process.
And some people's music sort of represents the torment of their life.
And some people's music represents the purity of their vision,
but it's all has different effects on people in some sort of strange and bizarre
way. Yeah. I like to say that, uh, you know,
the songs I was talking about the effort where I was talking about this, but,
uh,
I like songs that allow you to take ownership of them
and make them personal to you. Does that make sense? And I,
and I like listening to,
and I think that's probably what we all like about
songs eventually is our ability to relate to them.
But also they've been, and they become like, I can back and write a song.
I can play a song on a stage,
but it doesn't really mean anything until somebody listens to it.
And then they're, uh, you know,
perception of what that song is about in relation to them comes back at us,
you know, on a stage or it comes, or it lives in the world that way. And,
and that's so cool to me. That's, that's the,
that's the thing that makes a song complete.
I don't feel like they're even done until somebody listens to it and attaches
to it. That's, that's the thing that I love so much about songs.
Yeah. And everybody's thing is different too, right? It's like,
you can have two songs that are the exact same song,
but they're sung by different people and they have a completely different
feeling. Like some certain covers you listen to certain covers, you just like,
whoa, just has it. It just hits you in a totally different way. Yeah,
absolutely. But, and then the other side of that is, you know,
two different people can listen to the same version of a song and it means
totally different things to them because they attach the pieces of their life to
it in a way that is unique to them. And that's, that's the coolest thing in the,
yeah. It's interactive in some sort of weird way, right? Yeah. Absolutely.
If it's not it's, it's nothing exists. What I mean by like,
sometimes people's music represents sort of the torment that's going on in their
own personal, what I was thinking specifically, I was Amy Winehouse.
I was a big Amy Winehouse fan and there's something about dash great phenomenal.
And something about that rehab song,
because she put that rehab song out when everyone knew she was a mess. Right.
And then she still, you know, try to make me go to rehab. I said,
no, she made it sound happy. Yeah. She's like, it.
I'm riding this thing right into the beach. Right.
I'm not stopping for the rocks. I'm hitting the throttle.
I'm going to see where this goes. It was tragic, but yeah,
there's produced some, some phenomenal music. No doubt. Yeah. Yeah.
There was something to it.
There was like almost a fatalistic acceptance of our own
fate or something like, well,
and we can listen to it in that perspective now that she's not with us anymore,
but you know, at the time it's, you know, it was a lot of angst sounding,
sounding celebratory.
It felt celebratory at the time on the other side of, of, of the tragedy of it.
Uh, it, it has a little more weight I think. Yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure.
But I mean, man,
if you stop and think about how many tortured souls put out unbelievable music,
oh, it gets, uh, you know, to some degree, some of the greats, you know,
it's almost like a requirement that they are a little bit out there. Yeah.
You know, and, and so, um, which is, it's,
it's a horrible thing right. For the them,
but it's a beautiful thing for the rest of us. We get to listen to it. Yeah.
Right. Man, it's just the, uh,
just to be an artist in any form. Right.
Requires all this vulnerability and just trying to,
trying to find whatever it is when you're trying to create something.
W where is that coming from? The ether,
the muse is trying to just find that thing.
And then when you dealing with your own personal demons, like,
especially the deep drug demons seem to produce some of the most insane music
ever, you know, you think Hendrix and Kurt Cobain. Absolutely.
And you can keep going down that list forever. Really? Yeah. And, and,
and I have a songwriter friend who is convinced that you can't really
produce something that is, you know, really noteworthy,
unless you have some kind of, uh, an addiction issue. So really? Yeah. Uh, but,
uh, I don't know if that's true, but you know, if you're saying that very thing,
you know, like you look back at, uh, you know,
history of rock and roll and music in general, you know,
there's a lot of heavy drugs and a lot of, uh, you know,
getting out there on the edge. Yeah.
Has in fact produced some of the greatest music that we've ever heard also can
hear it in the music like Stevie Ray. Vaughan's a great example.
He like hear the getting out there on the edge in the music. Absolutely.
You, you hear it with every ounce of everything in it.
There's no safety net in that kind of music. This is just,
it's just all raw. Yup. Absolutely. She got a crazy life, man.
It's a crazy way to make a living. It is a crazy way to be super happy.
I don't have any of those issues. I don't know. I know, but I mean,
but you don't have to have any of those issues.
I don't think that you have to have an addiction issue to be great.
I just think you just have to pursue it. Yeah. You know, well maybe,
maybe the addiction, I mean, there's, there can be healthy addictions.
I think it's true. I think everybody would look at it. Um,
most people that I meet that are successful in one way or another,
they have at the very least kind of obsessive tendencies about something. Right.
Uh, whether, and generally it's some part of the work, but, um, yeah. It's uh,
and, and focus, I see a lot of focus like this kind of super focused thing that,
um, when you, when you see certain people, you're like, oh,
that's why he can do that because he or she can do that,
that they have this ability to focus. Yeah. There's a,
I've always been amazed too,
when someone can take an instrument and make that instrument sound very
specific to them. Like Gary Clark Jr. Is another good example of that. Like, um,
see if you could find that video that I've put up on my Instagram way back when
with honey, honey, honey, honey, and Gary Clark Jr.
Performed this really tiny place in downtown LA about maybe a year
ago. And, uh, they did a midnight set on like a Wednesday night or some. And,
uh, Gary Clark is up there doing the almond brothers midnight rider,
like listen to this and it's.
[Inaudible].
That's it? You know what I'm saying? Like that sound that's him.
That's a perfect example of what I'm talking about. Like that is him. Well,
well that, that is him, but it's also everybody that's before him that,
and he's probably the one guy that we have, uh,
in modern times that really can,
can carry that torch for the blues and, and, you know,
all those rate, uh, you know,
great guitar players that we don't have a lot of them left, you know, like,
um, and he, he can do that. And, and that's real kind of, you know,
BB king approach, you know, just playing some real straight line stuff,
but then he can, he can do Hendricks and all,
you get be crazy and psychedelic too. He can do any of that. Yeah. And that's,
you know, that guy shines when you, when you step on a stage with him, you know,
it's, uh, we played, we played, he and I,
and Bonnie Raitt played a BB king tribute on the Grammys a few years back.
And that was intimidating because, you know,
you know, Bonnie rate's excellent in her own way, you know, like she has,
she has that thing just like he has where it's just like, those,
those people are, uh, they're special people. Yeah. Yeah.
I agree.
And there's something about them that like what hunter was saying that their
fuel, like, I saw that and I ran home and I wrote,
I wrote for like three hours. Yeah. So it just was pumped up. I just,
I just felt like, like I'd seen something, you know, like I got, I just,
I touched some new dimension and he listened to a lot of Freddie king.
You're listening to Freddie king. No. Oh no, man,
this time I'm gonna start writing down. You gotta get on Freddie king,
Freddie king. What, what kind of is he blues? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. He's,
he's not with us anymore, but oh, uh, you know, there's BB king,
Albert King and Freddie king. And I've never heard of Freddy. Oh, uh, well,
you've probably ever seen that show, uh, eastbound and down. Yeah. You know,
the same theme song with the front of that. Yeah, that's right. I king. Oh,
okay. But there's one. I love Freddie king. Yeah. There's a,
there's a wealth of, uh, fuel, if you want some. Yeah. Uh,
and freaking that's, that's a pretty, uh,
standard staple of, of listening for me. If I go,
if I want to turn something on and let it make me feel right. Freddie,
Freddie king, I got a John Lee problem. When I start thinking about blues,
I just listened to Johnny. I've so much John Lee on my phone.
I have no room for other people. Oh, you got, you gotta get,
you gotta get Freddie king in there. All right.
I'll get some Freddie king in there. But when I, when I'm tired,
I don't feel like working out. I put boom, boom, boom. On. Alright and woo.
Here we go. We're off to the races.
It's just something about those types of songs. You know,
that deep blues,
it's just got this extra special soul to it. You know,
there's just a F you're sort of immersed in the feeling of those people.
You know, it's, uh, it's heavy duty stuff.